c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\bin\Debug\WPFProjectCars.exe.config
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\bin\Debug\WPFProjectCars.exe
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\bin\Debug\WPFProjectCars.pdb
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\WPFProjectCars_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\WPFProjectCars_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\Styles\Buttons.baml
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\Styles\Lables.baml
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\WPFProjectCars.g.resources
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\WPFProjectCars.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\WPFProjectCars.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\WPFProjectCars.exe
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\WPFProjectCars.pdb
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\Pages\CarList.g.cs
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\Pages\CarList.baml
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\Windows\AddCars.g.cs
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\Windows\AddCars.baml
c:\users\arman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\WPFProjectCars.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\bin\Debug\WPFProjectCars.exe.config
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\WPFProjectCars.exe
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\WPFProjectCars.pdb
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\bin\Debug\WPFProjectCars.exe
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\bin\Debug\WPFProjectCars.pdb
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\bin\Debug\WPFProjectCars.LIB.dll
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\bin\Debug\WPFProjectCars.LIB.pdb
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\WPFProjectCars.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\Pages\CarList.g.cs
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\Windows\AddCars.g.cs
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\WPFProjectCars_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\WPFProjectCars_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\Pages\CarList.baml
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\Styles\Buttons.baml
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\Styles\Lables.baml
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\Windows\AddCars.baml
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\WPFProjectCars.g.resources
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\WPFProjectCars.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Arman\Desktop\Step\Coding\Project WPF\WPFProjectCars\WPFProjectCars\obj\Debug\WPFProjectCars.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
